---
title: SITREP 02 2023
date: 2023-02-01 08:00
categories: [General, Dev]
tags: [update, general, loom]
---

# Hiya!

I haven't contributed to my own darn blog in a while now so I figured an easy way to get back into things was just to write a little update.

## Pivot! Pivvott!

I've been hard at work for Relias and loving it. While I still work a lot with Magento, I have left a lot of the Windows world behind. I'll be pivoting this blog a bit to my current curiosities and work related skill silo topics.

### The Fun Stuff

Here's the stuff I'm up to:
- Main Apps in use:
  - VSCode, PHPStorm, Datagrip, Postman, Terminal tools
- Main tech stacks in use:
  - PHP for Magento 2 and Craft CMS,
  - Vue 3 for frontend,
  - TWIG for frontend templating,
  - TypeScript and JS,
  - Docker and DDEV,
  - Mysql/MariaDB/Postgres/SQlite,
  - ElasticSearch,
  - OpenSearch,
  - Redis,
  - RabbitMQ,
  - Mailhog,
  - Nginx,
  - Certbot,
  - bash I guess counts
- Platforms:
  - Magento 2 EE on cloud with 3-4 stores and domains
  - Craft CMS for various frontends, twig serving vue is actually quite nice.
  - n8n for micro service api magic and workflow automations
  - Digital Ocean for personal hosting and testing
  - Azure Container Apps and VMs for work hosting
  - Bitbucket and soon BB pipelines

# Now what?

Well I'll be trying to codify a lot of the fun things I've built in the past year and get back to doing regular updates here.

I've realized I would use this blog more if it wasn't hidden behind my github.io domain, so I've reconfigured it to be my homepage for my Weeumson.com domain.

I've been using Loom a lot for video recording and sharing- This will be a great place to serve those embeds as well so stay tuned for posts with video as well as text :D

... Now what was I doing before this distracted me..
